c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\moaead\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.pdb
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.pdb
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceModel.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Server.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceModel.pdb
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.xml
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Client.xml
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.dll
C:\maxfinal\MaxWebSite\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface\obj\Debug\MaxWebSite.ServiceInterface.pdb
